JOURNAL OF

POLITICAL ECONOMY
Edited by
MAGNE MOGSTAD, LEAD EDITOR
ANDREW ATKESON
MELISSA DELL
Emir Kamenica
GREG KAPLAN
JOHN LIST

LANCE LOCHNER
ESTEBAN ROSSI-HANSBERG
AZEEM SHAIKH
CHAD SYVERSON

In cooperation with other members of the Department of Economics
and the Booth School of Business of the University of Chicago,
outside referees, and the following associate editors:
Alexander Cappelen
Zoe Cullen
Anna Dreber Almenberg
Andrea Eisfeldt
Pablo Fajgelbaum
Claudio Ferraz
Cecile Gaubert

David Green
Jennifer La’O
Edwin Leuven
Lee Lockwood
Yusufcan Masatlioglu
Ezra Oberfield
Parag Pathak

Joseph Shapiro
Johannes Stroebel
Wilbert van der Klaauw
Christopher Walters
Chenzi Xu
Guo Xu

Managing Editor: CONNIE FRITSCHE
Production Editor: ED MARTIN
Editorial Assistants: SAMUEL ABERS AND ANNIE DHAL
The Journal of Political Economy (ISSN 0022-3808) is published monthly by the University of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902.
Individual subscription rates for 2022: $100 print + electronic, $90 print-only, $75
e-only. Institutional print + electronic and e-only subscription rates are tiered according to
an institution’s type and research output: $623 to $1,587 print + electronic, $542 to $1,328
e-only. Institutional print-only is $835. Additional taxes and/or postage for non-U.S. subscriptions may apply. For additional rates, including full run access, single copy rates, and
reduced rates for students, visit www.journals.uchicago.edu/journals/jpe/about. Free or
deeply discounted access is available in most developing nations through the Chicago
Emerging Nations Initiative (www.journals.uchicago.edu/ceni). Please direct subscription, back-issue requests, and address changes to The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902. Telephone: (773) 7533347 or toll-free in the United States and Canada (877) 705-1878. Fax: (773) 753-0811 or
toll-free (887) 705-1879. Email: subscriptions@press.uchicago.edu.
Postmaster: Send address changes to Journal of Political Economy, The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902. Periodical postage paid in Chicago and additional mailing offices.
Complete information for contributors can be found at http://www.journals
.uchicago.edu/JPE. Manuscripts may be submitted via Editorial Manager at http://
jpolec.edmgr.com.
Copying beyond Fair Use: Articles may be copied or otherwise reused without permission
only to the extent permitted by Sections 107 and 108 of the U.S. Copyright Law. Permission
to copy articles for personal, internal, classroom, or library use may be obtained from the
Copyright Clearance Center (www.copyright.com). For all other uses, such as copying for
general distribution, for advertising or promotional purposes, for creating new collective
works, or for resale, please contact Permissions Coordinator, Journals Division, University
of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago­, IL 60637-2902 USA. Fax: (773) 834-3489.
Email: journalpermissions@press.uchicago.edu. Articles in the public domain may be
used without permission, but it is customary to contact the author.
q2022 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
The paper used in this publication meets the minimum requirements of American National
Standard for Information Sciences—Permanence of Paper for Printed Library Materials,
ANSI Z39.48-1984.`
V™ 

Journal of Political Economy
acknowledges the assistance of:
Treb Allen
Manuel Amador
Sandro Ambuehl
Orazio Attanasio
Bjoern Bartling
Daniel Benjamin
Marianne Bertrand
Manudeep Bhuller
Nick Bloom
Timo Boppart
George Borjas
Jaroslav Borovička
Samuel Bowles
Serguey Braguinsky
Yves Breitmoser
Benjamin Brooks
Brent Bundick
Leonardo Bursztyn
Julia Cajal Grossi
Andrew Caplin
Gabriel Carroll
Gary Charness
Daniel Chen
Gabe Chodorow-Reich
Timothy Christensen
Steve Cicala
Thomas Coleman
Daniele Condorelli
David Cutler
Jakša Cvitanić
Gordon Dahl
Brendan Daley
Mark Dean
Mariacristina De Nardi
Klaus Desmet
Gustavo de Souza
Ian Dew-Becker
Julian di Giovanni
Thomas Dohmen
Laura Doval
Joseph Doyle
Orla Doyle
Wenxin Du
Greg Duncan
Maya Eden
Mark Egan
Hanming Fang
Anthony Fowler
Marco Francesconi
Adriane Fresh
François Gerard
Dino Gerardi
Donna Gilleskie
Gautam Gowrisankaran
Sanjeev Goyal
Joshua Graff Zivin
Gabriele Gratton
Matthew Grennan

Paul Grieco
Philip Grossman
Irem Güçeri
Adam Guren
Nima Haghpanah
James Hamilton
Gordon Hanson
Juan Carlos Hatchondo
Benjamin Hébert
Pablo Hernández-Lagos
John Hoddinott
Mitchell Hoffman
Martin Holm
Justin Holz
Jean-François Houde
Kilian Huber
John Eric Humphries
Federico Huneeus
Ruixue Jia
Juanna Joensen
Kyle Jurado
Ariel Kalil
Ganesh Karapakula
Maximilian Kasy
Matthias Kehrig
Jun Hyung Kim
Georg Kirchsteiger
Ayhan Kose
Fabian Kosse
Andreas Ravndal Kostøl
Aart Kraay
Luc Laeven
Miguel Leon-Ledesma
Arthur Lewbel
Nuno Limão
Jay Lu
Hanno Lustig
Guangrong Ma
Glenn Magerman
Luca Maini
William Maloney
François Maniquet
Chiara Margaria
Arnaud Maurel
Sandra Maximiano
Bhashkar Mazumder
Michael McMahon
Joseph McMurray
Lukas Menkhoff
Konrad Menzel
Bruce Meyer
Guy Michaels
Robert Moffitt
Simon Mongey
Donald Morgan
Ameet Morjaria
Jack Mountjoy

Andreas Moxnes
Paulo Natenzon
Matthew Neidell
Nick Netzer
Kieu-Trang Nguyen
Pascal Noel
David Novgorodsky
Marco Ottaviani
Dimitris Papanikolaou
Fernando Parro
David Pearce
Harry Pei
Carolin Pflueger
Paolo Pinotti
Suphanit Piyapromdee
Mattias Polborn
Marek Pycia
Valerie Ramey
Lina Ramirez
Mar Reguant
Philip Reny
Ana Reynoso
James Robinson
Daniel Rogger
Jesse Rothstein
Sébastien Roux
Aldo Rustichini
Vjollca Sadiraj
Emmanuel Saez
Bernard Salanié
Kjell Salvanes
Lawrence Schmidt
Peter Schwardmann
Jesse Shapiro
Yongseok Shin
Denis Shishkin
Dan Silverman
Alp Simsek
Mara Squicciarini
Melvin Stephens
Petra Thiemann
Felix Tintelnot
Alexander Torgovitsky
Christopher Udry
Alexander Wagner
Ebonya Washington
Mark Watson
Andrea Weber
Roberto Weber
Christian Wolf
Alexander Wolitzky
Kai Hao Yang
Shengxing Zhang
Jidong Zhou
Jin Zhou
Ulf Zölitz
Eric Zwick

Journal of Political Economy
Volume 130

Number 1

January 2022

		
Articles
1	Management and Shocks to Worker Productivity
		
Achyuta Adhvaryu, Namrata Kala, and Anant Nyshadham
48	Cooperative Property Rights and Development:
Evidence from Land Reform in El Salvador
		
Eduardo Montero
94	Tolerance and Compromise in Social Networks
		
Garance Genicot
121	The Mortgage Rate Conundrum
		
Alejandro Justiniano, Giorgio E. Primiceri, and Andrea Tambalotti
157	Improving Business Practices and the Boundary
of the Entrepreneur: A Randomized Experiment
Comparing Training, Consulting, Insourcing,
and Outsourcing
		
Stephen J. Anderson and David McKenzie
210	Rationing the Commons
		
Nicholas Ryan and Anant Sudarshan

In an effort to promote consistent standards and requirements among general-interest journals in the field
of economics, the Journal of Political Economy has adopted the AER data availability policy. We are
grateful to the editors of the American Economic Review for their leadership in constructing this policy.

Data Availability Policy
It is the policy of the Journal of Political Economy to publish papers only if the data used in the
analysis are clearly and precisely documented and are readily available to any researcher for
purposes of replication. Authors of accepted papers, in particular those that contain empirical
work, simulations, experimental work, or numerical computations, must provide to the Journal,
prior to publication, the data, programs, and other details of the computations sufficient to permit
replication. These will be posted on the JPE Web site. The Editor should be notified at the time of
submission if the data used in a paper are proprietary or if, for some other reason, the requirements
above cannot be met.
After acceptance, authors are expected to send their data, programs, and sufficient details to
permit replication, in electronic form, to the JPE office. Complete instructions will be provided
to the author with the acceptance letter.
Our policies differ somewhat for econometric and simulation papers, and for experimental
papers.
For econometric and simulation papers, the minimum requirement should include the data
set(s) and programs used to run the final models, plus a description of how previous intermediate
data sets and programs were employed to create the final data set(s). Authors are invited to
submit these intermediate data files and programs as an option; if they are not provided, authors
must fully cooperate with investigators seeking to conduct a replication who request them. The
data files and programs can be provided in any format using any statistical package or software,
but a Readme PDF file documenting the purpose and format of each file provided, and instructing
a user on how replication can be conducted, should also be provided.
If some or all of the data are proprietary and an exemption from this requirement has been
approved by the Editor, authors must still provide a copy of the programs used to create the
final results. We require this because the criterion for exemption from the data availability policy
is that other investigators can, in principle, obtain the data independently. These authors must
also provide in their Readme PDF file details of how the proprietary data can be obtained by
others.
For experimental papers, we have a more detailed policy, including requirements for submitted
papers as well as accepted papers. We normally expect authors of experimental articles to supply
the following supplementary materials (any exceptions to this policy should be requested at the
time of submission):
1. The original instructions. These should be summarized as part of the discussion of exper­
imental design in the submitted manuscript and also provided in full as an appendix at the
time of submission. The instructions should be presented in a way that, together with the design
summary, conveys the protocol clearly enough that the design could be replicated by a reasonably
skilled experimentalist. For example, if different instructions were used for different sessions,
the correspondence should be indicated.
2. Information about subject eligibility or selection, such as exclusions based on past partici­
pation in experiments, college major, etc. This should be summarized as part of the discussion
of experimental design in the submitted manuscript.
3. Any computer programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or
to analyze the data. These should be summarized as appropriate in the submitted manuscript
and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of a manuscript is sent in. (Data
summaries, intermediate results, and advice about how to use the programs are welcome, but
they are not required.)
4. The raw data from the experiment. These should be summarized as appropriate in the
submitted manuscript and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of an accepted
manuscript is sent in, with sufficient explanation to make it possible to use the submitted computer
programs to replicate the data analysis.
Other information, such as applications to Institutional Review Boards, consent forms, or Web
signup and disclosure forms, is not required or expected. If it is desired to make this kind of
information public, it should be posted on laboratory or authors’ Web sites.
If the paper is accepted by the JPE, the appendices containing instructions; the computer
programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or analyze the data;
and the raw data will normally be archived on the JPE Web site when the paper appears.

