JOURNAL OF

POLITICAL ECONOMY
Edited by

MAGNE MOGSTAD, LEAD EDITOR
ANDREW ATKESON

GREG KAPLAN

Mark Bils

JOHN LIST

Leonardo Bursztyn

LANCE LOCHNER

MELISSA DELL

ESTEBAN ROSSI-HANSBERG

Rachel Griffith

AZEEM SHAIKH

Emir Kamenica
In cooperation with other members of the Department of Economics
and the Booth School of Business of the University of Chicago,
outside referees, and the following associate editors:
Alexander Cappelen
Zoë Cullen
Anna Dreber Almenberg
Andrea Eisfeldt
Pablo Fajgelbaum
Claudio Ferraz
Cecile Gaubert
Daniel Gottlieb
David Green

Jennifer La’O
Edwin Leuven
Lee Lockwood
Yusufcan Masatlioglu
Ezra Oberfield
Parag Pathak
Ricardo Perez-Truglia
Ayşegül Sahin
Joseph Shapiro

Kjetil Storesletten
Johannes Stroebel
Wilbert van der Klaauw
Christopher Walters
David Yanagizawa-Drott
Chenzi Xu
Guo Xu

Managing Editor: CONNIE FRITSCHE
Production Editor: ED MARTIN
Editorial Assistant: HANNA KIME
Student Assistant: ANNIE DHAL

The Journal of Political Economy (ISSN 0022-3808) is published monthly by the University of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902.
For individual and institutional subscription rates, visit www.journals.uchicago.edu,
email subscriptions@press.uchicago.edu, or call (877) 705-1878 (US) or (773) 753-3347
(international). Free or deeply discounted institutional access is available in most developing nations through the Chicago Emerging Nations Initiative (www.journals.uchicago
.edu/inst/ceni). Please direct subscription, back-issue requests, and address changes to
The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago,
IL 60637-2902. Telephone: (773) 753-3347 or toll-free in the United States and Canada
(877) 705-1878. Fax: (773) 753-0811 or toll-free (887) 705-1879. Email: subscriptions@
press.uchicago.edu.
Postmaster: Send address changes to Journal of Political Economy, The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902. Periodical postage paid in Chicago and additional mailing offices.
Complete information for contributors can be found at http://www.journals
.uchicago.edu/JPE. Manuscripts may be submitted via Editorial Manager at http://
jpolec.edmgr.com.
Copying beyond Fair Use: Articles may be copied or otherwise reused without permission
only to the extent permitted by Sections 107 and 108 of the U.S. Copyright Law. Permission
to copy articles for personal, internal, classroom, or library use may be obtained from the
Copyright Clearance Center (www.copyright.com). For all other uses, such as copying for
general distribution, for advertising or promotional purposes, for creating new collective
works, or for resale, please contact Permissions Coordinator, Journals Division, University
of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago­, IL 60637-2902 USA. Fax: (773) 834-3489.
Email: journalpermissions@press.uchicago.edu. Articles in the public domain may be
used without permission, but it is customary to contact the author.
q2023 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
The paper used in this publication meets the minimum requirements of American National
Standard for Information Sciences—Permanence of Paper for Printed Library Materials,
ANSI Z39.48-1984.`
V™ 

Journal of Political Economy
acknowledges the assistance of:
Eliot Abrams
Dilip Abreu
Sumit Agarwal
Roy Allen
Douglas Almond
Adem Atmaz
Jesper Bagger
Marco Battaglini
Samuel Bazzi
Manudeep Bhuller
Javier Bianchi
Inácio Bó
Corina Boar
Luigi Bocola
Dan Bogart
Serguey Braguinsky
Alec Brandon
Emily Breza
Alexander Brown
Eric Budish
Marco Cagetti
Shoumitro Chatterjee
Souphala Chomsisengphet
Davin Chor
Emanuele Colonnelli
David J. Cooper
Dean Corbae
Patricia Cortés
Mónica Costa Dias
David Cutler
Joel David
Eduardo Davila
Mark Dean
Mirko Draca
Itamar Drechsler
Gilles Duranton
Paweł Dziewulski
Giulio Fella
Sing Tien Foo
Raphael Franck
Xavier Gabaix
Sebastian Galiani
Giovanni Gallipoli
Wayne Gao
Eric Ghysels
Leonardo Giuffrida
Sanjeev Goyal
Matthew Grant
Torfinn Harding
Peter Hickman
Richard Hornbeck
Tanjim Hossain

Chang-Tai Hsieh
Ingrid Huitfeldt
Ryota Iijima
Alex Imas
Murat Iyigun
Marios Karabarbounis
Jakub Kastl
Todd Keister
Hyunjin Kim
Anjini Kochar
Jozef Konings
Tim Kroencke
Horacio Larreguy
Jessica Leight
Campbell Leith
Igor Letina
Jonathan Libgober
Kevin Lim
Elliot Lipnowski
Adam Looney
Rosario Macera
Monica Martinez-Bravo
Matthew Masten
Filip Matějka
Ross Mattheis
Bhashkar Mazumder
Adam McCloskey
Konrad Menzel
Conrad Miller
Robert Moffitt
Stig Vinther MØller
Eduardo Morales
Christian Moser
Jack Mountjoy
Xiaosheng Mu
Makoto Nakajima
Hiroki Nishimura
Pehr-Johan Norbäck
Arna Olafsson
Dmitry Orlov
Miguel Palacios
Gonzalo Paz-Pardo
Martin Peitz
Jacopo Perego
Isabelle Perrigne
Michael Peters
Amil Petrin
Paolo Pinotti
Eric Plug
Marta Prato
Lina Ramírez
Ville Rantala

Aakaash Rao
Itzchak Tzachi Raz
Matthias Rodemeier
Andrés Rodríguez-Clare
Kenneth Rogoff
Victor Ronda
Evan Rose
Federico Rossi
Christopher Roth
Jonathan Roth
Marc Rysman
Raffaele Saggio
Anya Samek
Pedro Sant’Anna
Susanne Schennach
Frank Schilbach
Stephanie Schmitt-Grohé
Paul Schrimpf
Carlo Schwarz
Petr Sedláček
Julia Seither
Fiona Shen-Bayh
Ajay Shenoy
Kevin Shih
Ron Siegel
Joel Sobel
Isaac Sorkin
Jann Spiess
Johannes Spinnewijn
Zachary Stangebye
Philipp Strack
Wing Suen
Balázs Szentes
Ferenc Szucs
Marco Tabellini
Jean-Marc Tallon
John Thanassoulis
Michela Tincani
Alexander Torgovitsky
Daniel Trefler
Bas van der Klaauw
Silvia Vannutelli
Nikhil Vellodi
Alessandra Voena
Jenny Wang
Shaoda Wang
Daniel Wilhelm
Thomas Winberry
Kaspar Wüthrich
Ming Yang
Weilong Zhang
Xiaoxue Zhao

Journal of Political Economy
Volume 131

Number 1

January 2023

		
Articles
1	Collective Brand Reputation
		
Volker Nocke and Roland Strausz
59	The Mechanics of the Industrial Revolution
		
Morgan Kelly, Joel Mokyr, and Cormac Ó Gráda
95	Optimal Cooperative Taxation in the Global Economy
		
V. V. Chari, Juan Pablo Nicolini, and Pedro Teles
131	Personalized Pricing and Consumer Welfare
		
Jean-Pierre Dubé and Sanjog Misra
190	A Semistructural Methodology for Policy Counterfactuals
		
Martin Beraja
202	Attraction versus Persuasion: Information Provision in
Search Markets
		
Pak Hung Au and Mark Whitmeyer

In an effort to promote consistent standards and requirements among general-interest journals in the field
of economics, the Journal of Political Economy has adopted the AER data availability policy. We are
grateful to the editors of the American Economic Review for their leadership in constructing this policy.

Data Availability Policy
It is the policy of the Journal of Political Economy to publish papers only if the data used in the
analysis are clearly and precisely documented and are readily available to any researcher for
purposes of replication. Authors of accepted papers, in particular those that contain empirical
work, simulations, experimental work, or numerical computations, must provide to the Journal,
prior to publication, the data, programs, and other details of the computations sufficient to permit
replication. These will be posted on the JPE Web site. The Editor should be notified at the time of
submission if the data used in a paper are proprietary or if, for some other reason, the requirements
above cannot be met.
After acceptance, authors are expected to send their data, programs, and sufficient details to
permit replication, in electronic form, to the JPE office. Complete instructions will be provided
to the author with the acceptance letter.
Our policies differ somewhat for econometric and simulation papers, and for experimental
papers.
For econometric and simulation papers, the minimum requirement should include the data
set(s) and programs used to run the final models, plus a description of how previous intermediate
data sets and programs were employed to create the final data set(s). Authors are invited to
submit these intermediate data files and programs as an option; if they are not provided, authors
must fully cooperate with investigators seeking to conduct a replication who request them. The
data files and programs can be provided in any format using any statistical package or software,
but a Readme PDF file documenting the purpose and format of each file provided, and instructing
a user on how replication can be conducted, should also be provided.
If some or all of the data are proprietary and an exemption from this requirement has been
approved by the Editor, authors must still provide a copy of the programs used to create the
final results. We require this because the criterion for exemption from the data availability policy
is that other investigators can, in principle, obtain the data independently. These authors must
also provide in their Readme PDF file details of how the proprietary data can be obtained by
others.
For experimental papers, we have a more detailed policy, including requirements for submitted
papers as well as accepted papers. We normally expect authors of experimental articles to supply
the following supplementary materials (any exceptions to this policy should be requested at the
time of submission):
1. The original instructions. These should be summarized as part of the discussion of exper­
imental design in the submitted manuscript and also provided in full as an appendix at the
time of submission. The instructions should be presented in a way that, together with the design
summary, conveys the protocol clearly enough that the design could be replicated by a reasonably
skilled experimentalist. For example, if different instructions were used for different sessions,
the correspondence should be indicated.
2. Information about subject eligibility or selection, such as exclusions based on past partici­
pation in experiments, college major, etc. This should be summarized as part of the discussion
of experimental design in the submitted manuscript.
3. Any computer programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or
to analyze the data. These should be summarized as appropriate in the submitted manuscript
and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of a manuscript is sent in. (Data
summaries, intermediate results, and advice about how to use the programs are welcome, but
they are not required.)
4. The raw data from the experiment. These should be summarized as appropriate in the
submitted manuscript and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of an accepted
manuscript is sent in, with sufficient explanation to make it possible to use the submitted computer
programs to replicate the data analysis.
Other information, such as applications to Institutional Review Boards, consent forms, or Web
signup and disclosure forms, is not required or expected. If it is desired to make this kind of
information public, it should be posted on laboratory or authors’ Web sites.
If the paper is accepted by the JPE, the appendices containing instructions; the computer
programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or analyze the data;
and the raw data will normally be archived on the JPE Web site when the paper appears.

