JOURNAL OF

POLITICAL ECONOMY
Edited by
HARALD UHLIG, LEAD EDITOR
JAMES J. HECKMAN
Emir Kamenica
GREG KAPLAN

JOHN LIST
MAGNE MOGSTAD
CHAD SYVERSON

In cooperation with other members of the Department of Economics
and the Booth School of Business of the University of Chicago,
outside referees, and the following associate editors:
Alexander Cappelen
Zoe Cullen
Anna Dreber
Almenberg
Claudio Ferraz

David Green
Edwin Leuven
Pietro Ortoleva
Parag Pathak
Albrecht Ritschl

Esteban Rossi-Hansberg
Joseph Shapiro
Johannes Stroebel
Christopher Walters

Managing Editor: CONNIE FRITSCHE
Production Editor: ED MARTIN
Editorial Assistants: SAMUEL ABERS AND LINFEI LI
The Journal of Political Economy (ISSN 0022-3808) is published monthly by the University of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago,IL 60637-2902.
Individual subscription rates for 2021: $100 print + electronic, $90 print-only, $75
e-only. Institutional print + electronic and e-only subscription rates are tiered according to
an institution’s type and research output: $605 to $1,482 print + electronic, $526 to $1,289
e-only. Institutional print-only is $810. Additional taxes and/or postage for non-U.S. subscriptions may apply. For additional rates, including full run access, single copy rates, and
reduced rates for students, visit www.journals.uchicago.edu/journals/jpe/about. Free or
deeply discounted access is available in most developing nations through the Chicago
Emerging Nations Initiative (www.journals.uchicago.edu/ceni). Please direct subscription, back-issue requests, and address changes to The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902. Telephone: (773) 7533347 or toll-free in the United States and Canada (877) 705-1878. Fax: (773) 753-0811 or
toll-free (887) 705-1879. Email: subscriptions@press.uchicago.edu.
Postmaster: Send address changes to Journal of Political Economy, The University of Chicago Press, Subscription Fulfillment, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago, IL 60637-2902. Periodical postage paid in Chicago and additional mailing offices.
Complete information for contributors can be found at http://www.journals
.uchicago.edu/JPE. Manuscripts may be submitted via Editorial Manager at http://
jpolec.edmgr.com.
Copying beyond Fair Use: Articles may be copied or otherwise reused without permission
only to the extent permitted by Sections 107 and 108 of the U.S. Copyright Law. Permission
to copy articles for personal, internal, classroom, or library use may be obtained from the
Copyright Clearance Center (www.copyright.com). For all other uses, such as copying for
general distribution, for advertising or promotional purposes, for creating new collective
works, or for resale, please contact Permissions Coordinator, Journals Division, University
of Chicago Press, 1427 E. 60th Street, Chicago­, IL 60637-2902 USA. Fax: (773) 834-3489.
Email: journalpermissions@press.uchicago.edu. Articles in the public domain may be
used without permission, but it is customary to contact the author.
q2021 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
The paper used in this publication meets the minimum requirements of American National
Standard for Information Sciences—Permanence of Paper for Printed Library Materials,
ANSI Z39.48-1984.`
V™ 

Journal of Political Economy
acknowledges the assistance of:

Brant Abbott
Francesco Agostinelli
David Albouy
Treb Allen
Omar Al-Ubaydli
Manuel Amador
Sandro Ambuehl
Isaiah Andrews
Juan Antolin-Diaz
Andrew Atkeson
Adrien Auclert
David Austen-Smith
David Autor
Scott Baker
Spencer Banzhaf
Gadi Barlevy
Christian Bayer
Anke Becker
Marianne Bertrand
Manudeep Bhuller
Barbara Biasi
Joaquin Blaum
Leah Boustan
Ben Brooks
Kevin Bryan
Julia Cage
Enrico Cantoni
Agostino Capponi
Jean-Paul Carvalho
Hector Chade
Laurens Cherchye
Gabe Chodorow-Reich
Thomas Coleman
Daniele Condorelli
John Conlon
Christopher Costello
Gordon Dahl
Eduardo Davila
Tommaso Denti
Michael Dinerstein
Will Dobbie
Antonio Doblas-Madrid
Matthias Doepke
Sebastian Dyrda
Florian Ederer
Mark Egan
Maximilian Ehrlich
Lasse Eika
Matt Elliott
William Evans
Robert Fairlie
Roger Farmer
Shuaizhang Feng

Jesús Fernández-Villaverde
Filippo Ferroni
Doireann Fitzgerald
Marco Francesconi
Peter Fredriksson
Chao Fu
Yana Gallen
Garance Genicot
Michael Geruso
Michela Giorcelli
Mikhail Golosov
Corbett Grainger
Paul Grieco
Cristina Gualdani
Glenn Harrison
Jonathan Heathcote
Nathaniel Hendren
Nathan Hendricks
Kevin Hoover
Jean-François Houde
Cosmin Ilut
Peter Karadi
Melissa Kearney
Patrick Kehoe
Todd Keister
William Kerr
Judd Kessler
Nicolas Klein
Patrick Kline
Ralph Koijen
Fabian Kosse
Aart Kraay
Matthias Kredler
Luc Laeven
Eliana La Ferrara
David Lagakos
Ricardo Lagos
Moritz Lenel
Andrei Levchenko
Arthur Lewbel
Xing Li
Ariel Listo
Joan Llull
Katrine Loken
Rocco Macchiavello
Alejandro Manelli
Ramon Marimon
Costas Meghir
Enrique Mendoza
Lukas Menkhoff
Guido Menzio
Margaret Meyer
Ameet Morjaria

Suresh Naidu
Salvador Navarro
David Novgorodsky
Pablo Ottonello
Krishna Pendakur
Eduardo Perez-Richet
Wolfgang Pesendorfer
Alessandra Peter
Giacomo Ponzetto
Andrea Prat
Joseph Price
Uday Rajan
Valerie Ramey
Neel Rao
John Rehbeck
Philip Reny
Pascual Restrepo
Gary Richardson
Guillaume Rocheteau
Mark Rosenzweig
Sutanuka Roy
Juan Pablo Rud
John Rust
Thomas Sampson
Susanne Schennach
Paul Schmelzing
Petr Sedláček
Ajay Shenoy
Xi Song
David Splinter
Dmitriy Stolyarov
William Strange
David Stromberg
Bruno Strulovici
Jan Stuhler
Robert Sugden
Eric Swanson
Andrew Sweeting
Steven Tadelis
Andrea Tambalotti
Eugene Tan
Olivier Tercieux
Alexander Torgovitsky
Germán Villegas Bauer
Jonathan Vogel
Daniel Wilhelm
Ben Williams
Alexander Wolman
Liangjie Wu
Ali Yurukoglu
Gema Zamarro
Yiyi Zhou
Jidong Zhou

Journal of Political Economy
Volume 129

Number 1

January 2021

		
Articles
1	Heterogeneity, Measurement Error, and Misallocation:
Evidence from African Agriculture
		
Douglas Gollin and Christopher Udry
81	Local Distortions in Parental Beliefs over Child Skill
		
Josh Kinsler and Ronni Pavan
101	Gender Differences in Recognition for Group Work
		
Heather Sarsons, Klarita Gërxhani, Ernesto Reuben,
and Arthur Schram
148

 equential Auctions with Synergy and Affiliation
S
across Auctions
		
Yunmi Kong
182	Curbing Shocks to Corporate Liquidity: The Role
of Trade Credit
		
Niklas Amberg, Tor Jacobson, Erik von Schedvin,
and Robert Townsend
243	People Management Skills, Employee Attrition,
and Manager Rewards: An Empirical Analysis
		
Mitchell Hoffman and Steven Tadelis
286	Parent-Child Information Frictions and Human Capital
Investment: Evidence from a Field Experiment
		
Peter Bergman
		
Comment
323	Pass-Through as an Economic Tool: On Exogenous
Competition, Social Incidence, and Price Discrimination
		
Jeanine Miklós-Thal and Greg Shaffer

In an effort to promote consistent standards and requirements among general-interest journals in the field
of economics, the Journal of Political Economy has adopted the AER data availability policy. We are
grateful to the editors of the American Economic Review for their leadership in constructing this policy.

Data Availability Policy
It is the policy of the Journal of Political Economy to publish papers only if the data used in the
analysis are clearly and precisely documented and are readily available to any researcher for
purposes of replication. Authors of accepted papers, in particular those that contain empirical
work, simulations, experimental work, or numerical computations, must provide to the Journal,
prior to publication, the data, programs, and other details of the computations sufficient to permit
replication. These will be posted on the JPE  Web site. The Editor should be notified at the time of
submission if the data used in a paper are proprietary or if, for some other reason, the requirements
above cannot be met.
After acceptance, authors are expected to send their data, programs, and sufficient details to
permit replication, in electronic form, to the JPE office. Complete instructions will be provided
to the author with the acceptance letter.
Our policies differ somewhat for econometric and simulation papers, and for experimental
papers.
For econometric and simulation papers, the minimum requirement should include the data
set(s) and programs used to run the final models, plus a description of how previous intermediate
data sets and programs were employed to create the final data set(s). Authors are invited to
submit these intermediate data files and programs as an option; if they are not provided, authors
must fully cooperate with investigators seeking to conduct a replication who request them. The
data files and programs can be provided in any format using any statistical package or software,
but a Readme PDF file documenting the purpose and format of each file provided, and instructing
a user on how replication can be conducted, should also be provided.
If some or all of the data are proprietary and an exemption from this requirement has been
approved by the Editor, authors must still provide a copy of the programs used to create the
final results. We require this because the criterion for exemption from the data availability policy
is that other investigators can, in principle, obtain the data independently. These authors must
also provide in their Readme PDF file details of how the proprietary data can be obtained by
others.
For experimental papers, we have a more detailed policy, including requirements for submitted
papers as well as accepted papers. We normally expect authors of experimental articles to supply
the following supplementary materials (any exceptions to this policy should be requested at the
time of submission):
1. The original instructions. These should be summarized as part of the discussion of exper­
imental design in the submitted manuscript and also provided in full as an appendix at the
time of submission. The instructions should be presented in a way that, together with the design
summary, conveys the protocol clearly enough that the design could be replicated by a reasonably
skilled experimentalist. For example, if different instructions were used for different sessions,
the correspondence should be indicated.
2. Information about subject eligibility or selection, such as exclusions based on past partici­
pation in experiments, college major, etc. This should be summarized as part of the discussion
of experimental design in the submitted manuscript.
3. Any computer programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or
to analyze the data. These should be summarized as appropriate in the submitted manuscript
and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of a manuscript is sent in. (Data
summaries, intermediate results, and advice about how to use the programs are welcome, but
they are not required.)
4. The raw data from the experiment. These should be summarized as appropriate in the
submitted manuscript and provided in full as an appendix when the final version of an accepted
manuscript is sent in, with sufficient explanation to make it possible to use the submitted computer
programs to replicate the data analysis.
Other information, such as applications to Institutional Review Boards, consent forms, or Web
signup and disclosure forms, is not required or expected. If it is desired to make this kind of
information public, it should be posted on laboratory or authors’ Web sites.
If the paper is accepted by the JPE, the appendices containing instructions; the computer
programs, configuration files, or scripts used to run the experiment and/or analyze the data;
and the raw data will normally be archived on the JPE Web site when the paper appears.

