The Quarterly Journal of Economics
Board of Editors

Associate Editors

George Akerlof
Alberto Alesina
Pol Antras
Andrew Atkeson
Marianne Bertrand
Timothy Besley
David Card
Francesco Caselli

Stephen Coate
Janet Currie
Glenn Ellison
Ernst Fehr
Drew Fudenberg
Claudia Goldin
Charles Jones
Peter Klenow

Erzo F.P. Luttmer
Robert Margo
Edward Miguel
Edward O'Donoghue
Esteban Rossi-Hansberg
Bruce Sacerdote
Jeremy C. Stein
Michael Waldman

In association with the Harvard Department of Economics and Invited Readers.
Assistant Editor

Trina Ott
Volume 125, Number 1 (February 2010)
Copyright 2010 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College and the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology. All rights reserved. Reproduction or translation of any part of the work
beyond that permitted by Sections 107 or 108 of the United States Copyright Law without the
permission of the copyright owner is unlawful.
Permission to photocopy articles for internal or personal use or the internal or personal use
of specific clients is granted by the copyright owner for libraries and other users registered with
the Copyright Clearance Center (CCC), provided that the per-copy fee of $12.00 is paid directly to CCC, 222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923. The fee code for users of the CCC's
Transactional Reporting Service is 0033-5533/10 $12.00. For those organizations that have been
granted a photocopy license with CCC, a separate system of payment has been arranged.
Address all other inquiries to Subsidiary Rights Manager, MIT Press Journals, 238 Main St.,
Suite 500, Cambridge, MA 02142-1046. Fax: (617) 258-5028; e-mail: journals-rights@mit.edu.
Statement on dissemination of data: The QJE strongly urges authors to make their data
available for public use, and the QJE web site can be used for this purpose. This availability is
important for replication and extension of research findings. We also recognize that good incentives for generating and assembling data entail an interval of private use and that sometimes
this private use extends beyond the first application of the data in an initial article. However,
in the longer run, the creator of a data set is also benefited by wide dissemination use, and citation of the data that have been generated.

Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/qje/issue/125/1 by New York University user on 16 February 2023

Robert J. Barro Elhanan Helpman Lawrence F. Katz

