Front Matter
Source: The Review of Economic Studies, Vol. 76, No. 1 (Jan., 2009)
Published by: Oxford University Press
Stable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/20185081
Accessed: 17-02-2023 12:24 UTC
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide
range of content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and
facilitate new forms of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at
https://about.jstor.org/terms

Oxford University Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access
to The Review of Economic Studies

This content downloaded from 31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12:24:11 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

THE REVIEW OF

Vol. 76(1) No. 266

ECONOMIC
STUDIES
Investment Cycles and Sovereign Debt Overhang

Mark Aguiar, Manuel Amador and Gita Gopinath 1
A Solution Concept for Majority Rule in Dynamic Settings

B. D. Bernheim and S. N. Slavov 33

Assessing the Equalizing Force of Mobility Using Short Panels:

France, 1990-2000 St?phane Bonhomme and Jean-Marc Robin 63

The Welfare Effects of Incentive Schemes

Adam Copeland and Cyril Monnet 93

Political Dynasties Ernesto Dal B?, Pedro Dal B? and Jason Snyder 115
Inequality in Landownership, the Emergence of Human-Capital
Promoting Institutions, and the Great Divergence

Oded Galor, Omer Moav and Dietrich Vollrath 143

Measuring Strategic Uncertainty in Coordination Games

Frank Heinemann, Rosemarie Nagel and Peter Ockenfels 181
Knowing What Others Know: Coordination Motives in

Information Acquisition Christian Hellwig and Laura Veldkamp 223

The Theory of Assortative Matching Based on Costly Signals

Heidrun C. Hoppe, Benny Moldovanu and Aner Sela 253
The Burden of Knowledge and the "Death of the

Renaissance Man": Is Innovation Getting Harder? Benjamin F. Jones 283

Slavery and Other Property Rights Nils-Petter Lagerl?f 319
Valid Inference in Partially Unstable Generalized

Method of Moments Models Hong Li and Ulrich K. M?ller 343
A Model of Asymmetric Employer Learning with

Testable Implications Joshua C. Pinkston 367

Learning by Holding and Liquidity Guillaume Plantin 395

January 2009

This content downloaded from 31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12:24:11 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

THE REVIEW OF ECONOMIC STUDIES
The Review was started in 1933 by a group of young British and American Economists. It is published by
The Review of Economic Studies Ltd, whose object is to encourage research in theoretical and applied economics,
especially by young economists, and to publish the results in The Review of Economic Studies.

EDITORIAL COMMITTEE
Joint Managing Editors
Bruno Biais, University of Toulouse Andrea Prat, London School of Economics

Imran Rasul, University College London Enrique Sentana, CEMFI
Kjetil Storesletten, University of Oslo

Secretary and Business Manager
Christopher Wallace, Oxford University

Foreign Editors
Donald Andrews, Yale University

Per Krusell, Princeton University

Marco Battaglini, Princeton University

David S Lee, Princeton University

Dirk Bergemann, Yale University

Jonathan Levin, Stanford University

Matthias Doepke, Northwestern University

Marc Melitz, Princeton University

Ray Fisman, Columbia University

Aviv Nevo, Northwestern University

Burton Hollifield, Carnegie Mellon University

Debraj Ray, New York University

Narayana R. Kocherlakota, University of

Minnesota

Martin Schneider, Stanford University

Muhamet Yildiz, Massachusetts Institute of

Technology

Ilan Kremer, Stanford University

Editorial Board
Mark Armstrong (Chairman), University College London
Jaap Abbring, Tilburg University

Simon Lee, University College London

Jerome Adda, University College London

Gilat Levy, London School of Economics

V. Bhaskar, University College London

Thomas Mariotti, University of Toulouse

Francesco Caselli, London School of Economics

Abhinay Muthoo, University of Warwick

Antonio Ciccone, CREI, Universit?t Pompeu

David Myatt, Oxford University

Valentina Corradi, University of Warwick

Bent Nielsen, Oxford University
Marco Ottaviani, London Business School

Amil Dasgupta, London School of Economics

Martin Pesendorfer, London School of Economics

Erik Eyster, London School of Economics

Guillaume Plantin, London Business School

Gino Gancia, CREI, Universit?t Pompeu Fabra

H?l?ne Rey, London Business School

Fabra

Luis Garicano, London School of Economics

Bernard Salani?, Columbia University

Maitreesh Ghatak, London School of Economics

Ran Spiegler, University College London

Rachel Griffith, Institute for Fiscal Studies and

Bal?zs Szentes, University College London

University College London
John Hassler, HES, Stockholm University

Silvana Tenreyro, London School of Economics
Marko Tervi?, Helsinki School of Economics

Steffen Huck, University College London

Juuso V?lim?ki, Helsinki School of Economics

Christian Julliard, London School of

Dimitri Vayanos, London School of Economics

Economics

Georg Weizs?cker, London School of Economics

Felix K?bler, University of Zurich

Fabrizio Zilibotti, University of Zurich

Please see inside the back cover of this issue for information on the Review website (www.restud.com),
subscription rates and submission of articles.

This content downloaded from 31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12:24:11 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

