Front Matter
Source: The Review of Economic Studies , January 2010, Vol. 77, No. 1 (January 2010)
Published by: Oxford University Press
Stable URL: https://www.jstor.org/stable/40587617
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide
range of content in a trusted digital archive. We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and
facilitate new forms of scholarship. For more information about JSTOR, please contact support@jstor.org.
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at
https://about.jstor.org/terms

Oxford University Press is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to
The Review of Economic Studies

This content downloaded from
31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12:23:45 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

THE REVIEW OF

ECONOMIC

STUDIES

Vol. 77(1) No. 270

Jane Martin: Special Tribute 1

Dynamic Matching and Evolving Reput
Axel Anderson and Lones Smith 3

Competitive Non-linear Pricing and Bundling

Mark Armstrong and John Vickers 30
The Swing Voter's Curse in the Laboratory

Marco Battaglini, Rebecca B. Morton and Thomas R. Palf
Managerial Skills Acquisition and the Theory of Economic Development

Paul Beaudry and Patrick Francois 90

Non-Parametric Identification and Estimation of Truncated Regression Mo

Songnian Chen 127
Millian Efficiency with Endogenous Fertility

J. Ignacio Conde-Ruiz, Eduardo L. Giménez and Mikel Pérez-Nievas 154
Multi-Product Firms and Flexible Manufacturing in the Global Economy

Carsten Eckel and J. Peter Neary 1 88
Network Games

Andrea Galeotti, Sanjeev Goyal, Matthew O. Jackson,

Fernando Vega-Redondo and Leeat Yariv 2 1 8
On-the-Job Search, Mismatch and Efficiency

Pieter A. Gautier, Coen N. Teulings and Aico van Vuuren 245
Pairwise-Difference Estimation of a Dynamic Optimization Model

Han Hong and Matthew Shum 273
Optimal Monetary Policy with Uncertain Fundamentals and

Dispersed Information Guido Lorenzoni 305
Quantile Maximization in Decision Theory Marzena Rostek 339

Dynamic Kidney Exchange M. Utku Ünver 372
Erratum

January
This content downloaded from
31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12:23:45 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

415

2010

THE REVIEW OF ECONOMIC STUDIES

The Review was started in 1933 by a group of young British and American Economists. It i

The Review of Economic Studies Ltd, whose object is to encourage research in theoretical and ap
especially by young economists, and to publish the results in The Review of Economic Studies.

EDITORIAL COMMITTEE

Joint Managing Editors

Bruno Biais, University of Toulouse Marco Ottaviani, London Business School
Imran Rasul, University College London Enrique Sentana, CEMFI
Kjetil Storesletten, University of Oslo

Secretary and Business Manager
Christopher Wallace, Trinity College, Oxford

Foreign Editors

Donald Andrews, Yale University David S Lee, Princeton University

Marco Battaglini, Princeton University Jonathan Levin, Stanford University
Dirk Bergemann, Yale University Marc Melitz, Princeton University
Matthias Doepke, Northwestern University Aviv Nevo, Northwestern University
Ray Fisman, Columbia University Debraj Ray, New York University
Burton Hollifield, Carnegie Mellon University Martin Schneider, Stanford University
Ilan Kremer, Stanford University Muhamet Yildiz, Massachusetts Institute of
Per Krusell, Princeton University Technology

Editorial Board

Mark Armstrong (Chairman), University College London

Jaap Abbring, VU University Amsterdam Simon Lee, University College London
Jerome Adda, University College London David Myatt, University of Oxford
V. Bhaskar, University College London Bent Nielsen, Nuffield College, Oxford
Francesco Caselli, London School of Economics Martin Pesendorfer, London School of Economics
Valentina Corradi, University of Warwick Guillaume Plantin, London Business School
Amil Dasgupta, London School of Economics Andrea Prat, London School of Economics
Andrea Galeotti, Essex University Hélène Rey, London Business School
Gino Gancia, CREI, Universität Pompeu Fabra Bernard S alanié, Columbia University
Luis Garicano, London School of Economics Ran Spiegler, University College London
Alex Gershkov, Hebrew University of Jerusalem Balazs Szentes, University College London
Mattreesh Ghatak, London School of Economics Silvana Tenreyro, London School of Economics
Rachel Griffith, Institute for Fiscal Studies and Marko Terviq Helsinki School of Economics
University College London Juuso Välimäki, Helsinki School of Economics and
John Hassler, IIES, Stockholm University University of Southampton
Christian Hellwig, University California, Dimitri Vayanos, London School of Economics
Los Angeles Frederic Vermeulen, Tilburg University
Steffen Huck, University College London Georg Weizsäcker, London School of Economics
Philipp Kircher, Oxford University Fabrizio Zilibotti, University of Zurich
Felix Kübler, University of Pennsylvania
Please see inside the back cover of this issue for information on the Review website (www.restud.com),
subscription rates and submission of articles.

This content downloaded from
31.215.134.233 on Fri, 17 Feb 2023 12: Jan 1976 12:34:56 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms

